[Docs] Recommend the use of RGB matrix functions for code (#15744)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/feature_rgb_matrix.md

`RGB_MODE_PLAIN`, `RGB_MODE_BREATHE`, `RGB_MODE_RAINBOW`, and `RGB_MODE_SWIRL` are the only ones that are mapped properly. The rest don't have a direct equivalent, and are not mapped.

> ?> `RGB_*` keycodes cannot be used with functions like `tap_code16(RGB_HUD)` inside `encoder_update_user()` or `process_record_user()`. RGB [functions](#functions-idfunctions) should be implemented in their place.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?> `RGB_*` keycodes cannot be used with functions like `tap_code16(RGB_HUD)` as they're not USB HID keycodes. If you wish to replicate similar behaviour in custom code within your firmware (e.g. inside `encoder_update_user()` or `process_record_user()`), the equivalent [RGB functions](#functions-idfunctions) should be used instead.

```

Reviewer: Just so it's not implicitly tied to just those functions.
